(jingle bells ringing)
(camera click)
Fairytales are such bullshit.
(footsteps)
(door opening)
A girl gets a spell cast on her
that turns her into a princess.
She gets to wear a pretty dress,
pretends to choose a
hot guy, who chose her.
Then the spell randomly breaks
in the middle of it all.
Lame, right?
Yet, for some reason, every
girl wants to be a princess.
Like, are you serious?
The spell just breaks randomly?
Was it inevitable 'cause
you broke your promise,
or time ran out?
So what can you do?
But you can do something.
Honestly, you're all idiots.
Not one of you knows
the real reason
the spell always
ends up breaking.
So annoying.
-Huh?
(loud sparkling flash)
(men gasp)
[Man] Hey wait,
Ninny, come back!
[Man] What the hell
was that insane flash?
(sweeping, upbeat music)
(electronic twitches)
[Man] She went in there.
(gasping)
[Man] She disappeared.
If magic only works on fools,
then better off being the
one who's casting the spell.
(ground shakes)
(heavy footsteps)
The tip of my finger,
the edge of my voice.
Revenger Joe's iron
key, five locks,
three chains, silence sheathed,
and a blast from
the pipe to blind.
(loud horn)
(screech)
(electricity twitching)
No, hold on, please
don't use magic.
Your magic, it'll make
your antlers bloom.
(loud screech)
Blue spark.
(ground shakes)
(grunting)
Magic number 44, flash bumper.
(uplifting music)
(loud crash)
That was close.
Jeez, that's a bud buck.
It's an A rank harvest.
What were you going to do
if I didn't it in time?
Oh, just spare me
the lecture, okay.
Especially since you
showed up so late. Ninny.
And stop calling me
by my first name.
I have seniority here. Niiha.
If you start calling
me Noel then sure,
maybe I might
consider it, Ninny.
I'm sorry, where do you get
off casually making demands
of your superiors like that?
[Narrator] Dragons,
mythical creatures.
But in truth, they are neither
mythical nor creatures.
Despite what the public
has been led to believe,
since time and memorial,
72% of deaths in London
have been caused by grotesque
beings, known as dragons.
That is the reason why they
are so prominently displayed
on London's coat of arms.
Rampaging dragons cause
great harm to humans.
In order to prevent this,
the dragons must be
monitored at all times.
Unfortunately the
citizens of front London
cannot see the dragons
with their naked eyes,
but fortunately for them,
there's also a reverse London.
Only those residing on
the reverse side of London
can see the dragons.
Therefore due to
the special ability
it inevitably fell to the
people of reverse London
to take care of and
manage the dragons.
What the heck are you kidding?
You guys still
haven't fixed this
since that big guy wrecked it.
You had one job.
Hi. I'm so sorry.
We were ordered to get
the monitor up first
[Ninny] And you,
why did you take
on a two person job
all by yourself?
[Noel] Maybe because
you were late, Ninny.
[Ninny] Ever heard of waiting?
(dinging)
And if I took care
of it on my own,
I'd get the reward
all to myself.
I knew it.
So that's what you're after.
Why are you whining?
You make plenty at your
job in front London.
Exchange as much as you
want, it's no big deal.
Yeah. Except I have a little
something called pride
you know and quit
saying stuff like that.
Huh? Oh no, I lost
achievement points.
But I plucked the
flowers that bloom
so they wouldn't find out.
Yes, I got points, yay for me.
But why?
Because of my awesome show
stopping assist at the end, duh
that's the only reason our
payload made it out safe.
They're so cute.
Cut it out.
You don't want them to catch
you sneaking photos again.
Hey, wait a minute, hold on.
Why are you plucking flowers
off bud bucks anyway?
Tell me, what was
I supposed to do?
Bud bucks go down in price
when their flowers bloom.
So I did it for our client.
Look at that,
isn't it beautiful?
You can touch it if you want to.
But you can't have it though.
As if I'd want it.
[Osushi] Let me
see your panties.
Let me see your panties.
[Balgo] Hey, Osushi, stop!
[Boy] What is that thing?
[Man] Is it a dark dragon?
[Boy] In the middle of the city?
[Man] Nah, it's just Balgo.
[Boy] Dammit, not him again.
[Balgo] Come on Osushi,
calm down, pretty please.
You're my cutie pie,
you're absolutely adorable.
Now please, calm down.
[Ninny] Hey look,
it's Balgo and Osushi.
[Noel] Oh yeah, so it is.
[Ninny] Then I don't know,
maybe do something about them.
You're the one in
charge of them.
Correction, we're in
charge of them actually.
He's your senior at
school though, isn't he?
I mean it's probably fine.
Look, he's all smiles.
Why don't we have some tea?
[Ninny] I want a latte.
I'm happy to push
the button for you
but you have to
put the money in.
There's nothing fine about this.
At this rate, Balgo's gonna
break his neck and die.
We've been tasked with
keeping an eye on him
and making sure he's safe
so I need both of
you to do your jobs.
Us babysitting dragonclads
is basically HQ's
super annoying way
of making this
nonsense our problem.
They don't even make
it worth our while.
It's not like we get paid
or earn achievement points
for keeping them
out of trouble 24/7
while doing our real job.
So we're back to that, are we?
I figured you might say that.
So I had a little chat with
some of the higher ups.
I got you girls some extra money
and achievement points for this.
So how about then apples?
Say what?
All right, fine, let's do this.
Come on Niiha.
You're doing this for the money.
I'm doing it for the prestige,
but so we don't sound awful,
we're doing it for society.
Ugh.
Could you maybe
try announcing the
do it for society
part first, next time.
(screaming)
Huh? What's happening?
If you say so. You're
so smart, daddy.
(screaming)
Yeah. Who's my good boy?
That's a good doggie.
It sure is noisy
over there, isn't it?
Yeah, it really is.
Maybe there's a dragon on
the loose or something.
Don't even joke about that
and make sure it's spick
and span up there, okay?
On it.
(distant screaming)
(screaming) Balgo
stop you idiot.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
[Chimney Sweep] Don't
you come over here.
(loud crash)
My goodness, that
chimney sweep's
really going at it isn't he.
Sorry. I'm really, really sorry.
Are you hurt at all?
(loud crash)
No. You moron.
I'm not hurt, no thanks to you.
I just don't want to
be getting arrested
for violating the
dragon contact law.
Wing Bind Headquarters is
right over there, are you nuts?
(screaming)
Noel!
Thanks so much for saving me.
Hey, are you blind?
I'm the one who
saved you dumbass.
There, there Osushi.
It's time to calm down.
Good dog.
Osushi's calm now.
[Ninny] And what did you do
to the poor thing anyway?
[Balgo] Nothing, I was
just taking him for a walk.
Thank you witches,
we appreciate it.
So hey, about that chimney.
Don't worry about it.
Your dragon insurance
should cover it.
More importantly, did you come
into contact with the dragon?
I didn't, not at all.
Niiha, run the test.
Right.
Please lick this.
So, if someone touches
a dragon, what happens?
For the protection of
both dragons and humans,
the dragon contact prohibition
law was passed back in 1609.
Violators face 100 years or-
Execution.
What?
(ringing)
[Noel] It's within
the normal range.
(sigh)
Yay, thank goodness!
This is all your fault.
I'm sorry!
Who do you think
caused this mess
in the first place, huh?
(punching sounds)
For the last time, why
don't you put a muzzle
on Osushi when you go out?
Being a dragonclad,
you're the only civilian
who can touch Osushi
and not get locked up.
Don't you get it?
But I did put it on him.
It just got ripped off.
When Osushi suddenly sprouted
wings while we were walking.
Did he really grow wings
without anything triggering it.
Uh, yes.
Where did it happen?
Huh? You want to know where?
Please try to remember.
Osushi's wings usually appear
when you try to bark like Osushi
or whenever you sneeze
or when you start
cracking up at something.
So all the time then?
Or when you're in
mortal danger, Balgo.
(loud crash)
(screaming)
It happens because
you're a dragonclad.
Dragons are aggressively
attracted to you.
For now, I need
you to take Osushi
and go somewhere where there's
as few people as possible
Ninny, the barrier tape.
On it.
(tape scratching)
So, what now?
(monster scream)
Magic number zero four.
Stun ball.
(clanging)
(loud crash)
So wait, what was the
point of the tape?
Just in case.
Oh, chief, we've
subdued a dragon.
So I was thinking we should
get some kind of a bonus.
Dragon insurance.
No, there's no way
that's our fault.
Please stop whining,
it's pathetic.
[Chief] So, you're saying
you don't know what
kind of dragon it is?
[Noel] That's exactly
what I'm saying.
I've never seen one like it,
so I don't know what kind it is.
(loud crash)
It was pretty worked
up and flailing about
so I stunned it to shut it up.
Niiha!
(rope snapping)
(loud crash)
(water spraying)
(metal crushing)
I could have sworn
it went lights out.
(birds cawing)
It's coming.
We need to lure
it away from here.
I know.
(crash)
(heavy footsteps)
(loud crash)
-(screaming)
-All right, this should be good.
(loud crash)
Hey! Oh, come on man.
You're making this really
difficult for us to call in.
[Noel] Ninny, in front of you.
(birds cawing)
(wind roaring)
(loud crash)
(screaming)
Chief, a dragon blockade.
Rutherford street.
We've got a dark dragon here.
(bricks crunching)
(gasping)
(metal clinking)
[Civilian] What's that sound?
(bricks crunching)
(spraying sound)
(screaming)
[Reporter] This is a notice
from BBC Reverse London.
Due to a dark dragon alert,
Rutherford street is now
under a dragon blockade.
Anyone in the nearby vicinity
should seek shelter immediately.
Wing Bind has the
situation under control.
You know what always
gets under my skin.
Doesn't it piss you off
when they say Wing Bind has
the situation under control?
Annoying, right?
Not really, I mean, it is
our job after all, you know.
That's not what I mean.
I'd be fine with it if
we said it ourselves.
Why is the BBC the
one announcing it?
Hi chief.
The dragon blockade's set up.
It's time we tagged
in the Sabres.
[Chief] Hello? Noel, Hello?
Sorry. What do you
think you're doing?
That's usually my line.
You're gonna let the
Sabres take all the credit?
(loud whistle)
We can't pass this up.
A chance to show
HR our true power.
Our duty as Pipers
is a simple one.
Take the dragons to pasture
and harvest from them.
We don't need to be powerful.
Yeah yeah, like I said before.
My mission is to become
one of the Sabers.
(loud sonic boom)
Personally that doesn't
interest me in the slightest.
(heavy footsteps)
(loud bang)
Ha, I hit him.
(rope snapping)
Whoa.
Magic number 28, rainy wheel.
(panting)
(wet jiggle sound)
Help me.
(clothes rustling)
Balgo.
(loud horn)
Don't worry, just
leave this to me.
Magic number 75. Gatling crown.
(wind roaring)
Hey, this is a huge deal.
How many years has it been?
A century?
[Roy] 96 years to be precise.
huh? Yeah, that's
basically century dude.
Anyway, like I was saying,
it's been a whole century
since we last let a dark
dragon get into reverse London.
If this isn't a catastrophe,
what the hell is?
Could you show up for once
and you stop chewing gum.
You guys seriously have
nothing to say about all this?
Am I the only one
pissed off here? Huh?
I'm pretty sure I spoke earlier.
Whatever. Anyway, my point
is the problem is that
this Balgo guy just runs
around doing whatever he wants.
What do you say old man Wolfy?
Trust me, this individual
has been the topic
of countless heated
discussions within our squad
in just the one month since
he became a dragonclad.
This situation occurred
due to our own negligence.
Therefore, we cannot
simply ignore it.
We will proceed with the
plan to eliminate the
dragonclad known as Balgo Parks.
(laughing)
(bells ringing)
(closing theme music)
(purring)
(electricity sparking)
(door opening)